Update security manager section (#951)
MicroEJ/docs: KernelDeveloperGuide/applicationSecurityPolicy.rst

| This concept assumes that the system owner is able to verify the content of this file before the feature is deployed onto the Kernel (using an application store system for instance).
| The file is then parsed on the feature installation and the permissions are stored in a map in the security manager.
| Finally, when a permission check is requested, the security manager will check if the feature has specified the requested permission or not in which case it throws a `SecurityException`_.
| Here is a schema to describe the entire flow of the Kernel Security Policy Manager from a feature install to a feature stop.

.. image:: png/kernelSecurityPolicyManagerFlow.png
   :align: center

This implementation requires a parsing of the feature policy file to create the correct list of `FeaturePolicyPermission`_ objects that will be handled by the security manager.
the ``KF-Util`` module provides a JSON implementation as the default implementation.

This can be done by creating a class that implements the `SecurityPolicyResourceLoader`_ interface.

> .. note::
>     Additional logs of requested and granted access can be shown by setting the logger level to ``fine`` in the Kernel system properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
    To log every authorized access, change the logger level to ``FINE`` in the Kernel system properties.
```

+ "change the logger level to FINE in the Kernel system properties." is unclear: which logger ? what Kernel system property should be set exactly ? to what value ?

Reviewer: Fixed
